Updates to the homepage - add new tagline, why scala? and use cases (#1518)
scala/scala-lang: _scala_use_case_items/4-frontend.md

---
shortTitle: "Frontend Web"
shortDescription: "Harness the Scala and JavaScript ecosystems together.
Develop robust apps that run anywhere: from browsers to Node.js to serverless platforms."
expandText: "Why Scala.js"
anchorTarget: "explore-scalajs"
icon: "icon8.svg"
---

<div class="scala-row">
    <div class="scala-code">
        <div class="scala-text scala-text-large">
            <h3>Portable Code and Libraries</h3>

>             <p class="emph">Write the code once and have it run on the front-end as well as on the backend.</p>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
            <p class="emph">Write the code once and have it run on the frontend as well as on the backend.</p>
```

Author: done

        </div>
    </div>
    <div class="scala-code">
        <div class="code-element dark">
            <div class="bar-code"><span>React component written with Slinky</span></div>
            <pre><code class="language-scala">val Counter = FunctionalComponent[Int] { initial =>
  val (count, setCount) = useState(initial)
  button(onClick := { event => setCount(count + 1) },
    s"You pressed me ${count} times"
  )
}
ReactDOM.render(Counter(0), mountNode)</code></pre>
        </div>
    </div>
</div>
<div class="scala-row">
    <div class="scala-code">
        <div class="scala-text scala-text-large">
            <h3>Poweful User Interface Libraries</h3>
            <p class="emph">Write robust UIs with the Scala.js UI libraries.</p>
            <p>Pick your preferred style: <a href="https://laminar.dev" target="_blank" rel="none">Laminar</a> for a pure Scala solution, <a href="https://slinky.dev" target="_blank" rel="none">Slinky</a> for the React experience, or <a href="https://tyrian.indigoengine.io" target="_blank" rel="none">Tyrian</a> or <a href="https://github.com/japgolly/scalajs-react" target="_blank" rel="none">scalajs-react</a> for the pure FP-minded developers.</p>

>             <a class="button button_call-to-action" href="https://index.scala-lang.org/awesome/web-frontend?sort=stars&languages=3.x&languages=2.13&platforms=sjs0.6" target="_blank" rel="none">See more Scala.js libraries for frontend and UI</a>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
            <a class="button button_call-to-action" href="https://index.scala-lang.org/awesome/web-frontend?sort=stars&languages=3.x&languages=2.13&platforms=sjs1" target="_blank" rel="none">See more Scala.js libraries for frontend and UI</a>
```

Author: done
